|ann 0.4 0,gabriella 0.2 0,margaret 0.65 0
thief: This isn't the last you'll hear from us - we'll be back!
ann: Finally.
gabriella: So, you are?
margaret: Margaret.  And you, er, milady?
gabriella: Oh, it's ok.  I'm Gabriella, but, please, just call me Gabby.
ann: And I'm Ann.  Thanks for the help.
margaret: Sorry, it's just hard to tell.  You don't often see travelers as well dressed as yourselves around here, especially not without a retinue.  You're dressed similarly - some kind of uniform?
ann: Yep, we're mages from the Mage's Guild.
margaret: Mages?  What're you doing all the way out here?
gabriella: We're here to collect some readings.  We've got some equipment we need to set up to measure the magical field around Thracia.  We'll be traveling around the area for a few weeks.
margaret: Sounds like you drew the short straw then.  This isn't the best place to be traveling around.
gabriella: Yes, well, we heard this area was dangerous, but I was hoping we could avoid trouble.  Looks like I was wrong.
margaret: Yeah, I wouldn't recommend travelling without an armed escort 'round these parts anymore.  Ever since Lord Blair was ousted, well, you can guess the rest.
margaret: Some of us are working together to try and keep the roads safe at the very least, but there aren't nearly enough of us to go around.  We all got our own farms to manage, you know?
gabriella: Surely the empire knows about this, could you point us to the nearest imperial office?
margaret: Imperial office?  Pff, sure I could take you to where they used to be.  They all left a few years ago.  They didn't even send a tax collector this year.
gabriella: Wait, you're telling me Thracia is just in total anarchy out here?
margaret: Not total anarchy.  I mean, you made it this far in.  Lord Blair's former vassals still control their lands - it's just his personal territories which are overrun by bandits.
gabriella: Potato, potato
margaret: What?
gabriella: It's a plant some explorers found.  There's a disagreement about how it's pronounced - whatever.  What I mean is it's all the same to us.  We've got to get our measurements in bandit-infested territory.
ann: Well, I for one am not going to let some bandits stop us from doing our job.  Is there anyone who might be able to help us, Margaret?
margaret: Ummm, well, I could take you to one of our village's elders I suppose?  They hire mercenaries to protect their fields.  I doubt they'll help you though, times are tough, and -
ann: I'll take it.
|transition Inn
|translate gabriella 0.16 0
|translate ann 0.33 0
|translate margaret 0.5 0
margaret: Samuel?  Samuel?  You in?
|enter samuel 0.75 0
samuel: Margaret?  I thought you were on patrol.
margaret: I was, but I came across some people who wanted to meet you.  These are Ann and Gabriella.  They're from the Mage's Guild.
samuel: The Mage's Guild?  Does that mean our calls for aid have finally been answered?  Did you two bring soldiers?
ann: Er, no sir, we actually came to ask you for help.
samuel: Oh.  Of course.  Shouldn't have gotten my hopes up.  What do the two of you need?
gabriella: Well, our task is to take some measurements around the region, but that is proving difficult given the bandit situation.  We were looking to see if there were safe ways to get around, or if not, if you could help us with safe passage?
: The old man stops and thinks.
samuel: Five years ago, we wouldn't have problems like this.  I hate to say this but there really isn't a safe way to travel around Blair lands anymore.  We try to protect our villages, but if you're going to be doing any sort of real travel you can expect to encounter bandits.  They're setting up all sorts of arbitrary tolls and kidnapping folk around here.
ann: Margaret said you hire mercenaries, could you perhaps spare some - just to get us to the next village?
samuel: Spare some?  Do you know how much those swindlers are charging me?  Let me tell you, the empire might not be collecting taxes around here anymore, but my coinpurse sure feels like they are.  
samuel: *sigh* Look, I understand you have an issue, and while I'd like to help, our village is not really in a position to do so.  When the empire first left, bandits took much of what we had.  Now, we have to pay the local mercenaries, but because they know we have no other option, they charge us exorbitantly.  You'll have to find a solution elsewhere.  If you'll excuse me, I must get back to work.
|exit samuel right
|moveTo margaret 8 0.75 0 1
|moveTo ann 8 0.2 0 1
|moveTo gabriella 8 0.4 0 1
margaret: Sorry guys.  Yeah, things have been pretty bad since the empire left.  I'm lucky my family's fields are near Samuel's so I kind of get some protection, but a lot of people still have bandits come by and take stuff or demand tribute.  Some folks even just left.  You two look pretty well off - if you have money, I can introduce you to the mercenary captain Samuel works with.  They've become close with the community since we've hired them for a while now.
gabriella: I don't think my father would be happy with me spending that much.  I'm sure any promissory note I write would only be worth a fraction of its face value out here given the difficulty of cashing it too.  I can already hear him now lecturing me about "bad value".
: Margaret looks to Ann.
ann: Oh, um, I just have what the guild gave us for travel expenses.
margaret: That's too bad.  Well, I live down the path - if you need somewhere to sleep tonight, I'd be happy to host you.
gabriella: Thank you so much!
|exit margaret right
|moveTo gabriella 8 0.65 0 1
|moveTo ann 8 0.35 0 1
ann: So...
gabriella: Looks like we've hit a bit of a dead end.  I mean I heard this area wasn't the safest, but it sounds like bandits run this place now.
ann: There's gotta be a way forward here...
gabriella: This is clearly something we're unequipped for.  Maybe we just head back to Mary and tell her we need more resources or that we'll have to take the measurements somewhere else.
ann: No!
ann: Sorry, it's just that I need this to work.  I can't go back to Mary empty handed - not after all she's done for me.
gabriella: Ok then, what do you propose then?
ann: This would be a lot easier if there were no bandits.
gabriella: You don't say...
gabriella: Don't tell me you want to solve our travel problem by routing the bandits.
ann: I mean... it would work.  Don't want to leave any stone unturned, right?
: Ann spends a few seconds in thought.
ann: What if... we just chanced it?  I mean, what are the chances we randomly come across bandits a second time?  They can't be everywhere right?
gabriella: That's... optimistic.  I would also prefer to accomplish our mission, so I guess it's worth a shot.
|gearStop aedavaRoadPrep
