|main -7 -1,myra 7 -1
|setBackground SundownOutsideTheCastle
|display PrePortal
main:Holy cow, it worked!
myra:Can you see through it?
main:No, but I can still feel it somehow...
myra:We need to direct it into the castle.  Try and orient yourself.
main:This is VERY strange.  I can sort of sense where mana is being drawn from I think?
myra:Pleice!  Cast a spell!
pleice:What spell?
myra:Anything.  We just need to see if @main@ can see it through the portal.
pleice:Okay.
 :@main@ sees a flicker of light light up behind her.
main:I see it!  Hang on, if that was you casting something...  Well I can feel a lot of magic that's coming from that way, so that must be the castle, right?
myra:Maybe?  Try and move the portal exit to it.
main:Alright, here we go...
|display CastlePortal
catelia:Wow.
main:I don't know how long this thing is going to last, so if we're going in, we're doing it now.
myra:Nothing ventured,
main:Nothing gained.  Let's go!
|transition controlRoom
|stopDisplay 
|enter pleice -14 -1
|enter catelia 14 -1
 :As the group enters the room, the portal vibrates violently before collapsing.
main:Phew, that was close.
catelia:Shh!  Look!
 :The four draw their attention to the person floating in the middle of the room.
pleice:What?  Who... Myra, what are we looking at here exactly?
myra:I don't know.
 :She approaches the person.
main:Careful!  You might wake them!
myra:They seem to be totally unresponsive.
myra:Hello?
 :She waves her hand around the body's glowing eyes.
myra:Nothing.
catelia:I don't know what you guys were expecting in the castle, but I sure wasn't expecting whatever this is supposed to be.
pleice:Are they... ok?
main:First things first.  Let's be a little quiter.  We don't want to alert Atheria's people.
catelia:Where are we?
myra:Well, we're definitely in the castle, but I have no gauge as to where in it we are.
main:Then that's our first task.  Let's find where we are, and where Atheria is.
|transition CastleChamber
main:That's a weird sense of vertigo.
pleice:Yeah, I certainly don't feel like we went up a floor.
catelia:Ok, so if we're here on the second floor, Atheria's chambers should be somewhere around here, right?
myra:Yes, but she could be anywhere.  She might not even be in the castle right now.
main:That doesn't seem right.  She wouldn't lock herself out of her own castle.
myra:Good point.
catelia:What time is it?  You think she's eating?
pleice:I think I have a way to find out where she is.  Let's just ask that maid over there.
main:Wait, what?
pleice:Hey!  Excuse me!
|exit pleice left
main:Did she just do what I thought she did?
catelia:I think so.
myra:Well, I guess the staff wouldn't have any reason to assume we're enemies.
main:I guess...
|enter pleice -14 -1
main:Any luck?
pleice:She said Atheria's in the war room.
catelia:Huh.  That was easy.
myra:I've been in the castle's war room in the city.  It was ground level, so I think we may be able to say the same for this castle.
main:Then let's find a staircase.
|transition outsideTheWarRoom
main:Two guards at the door.
pleice:We could just pull the same trick and just ask to speak to Atheria.
catelia:Yeah, but then we'd have to deal with two more guys when we confront her.
pleice:Right.
main:Then let's deal with them now.
|combat warroomGuardsCombat