|ann 0.2 0,gabriella 0.4 0,thief 0.75 0 displayname "Bandit Leader"
|setBackground slaverCampInterior
thief: You won't get away with this - Captain Taney will ... argh...
|exit thief down
: With their leader dead and the tide of battle turning, the bandits begin to flee in an uncoordinated retreat.
ann: Wow, wasting his dying words on his boss?  Pretty loyal for a bandit.
gabriella: I wish my servants were that loyal.
ann: I wish they were here so we wouldn't have to be the ones to clean up all these bodies.
|moveTo ann 1 0.35 0 1
|moveTo gabriella 1 0.65 0 1
: With the bandits routed, the longer and more arduous task of cleanup began.  The villagers took care of their injured and the one fatality brought home.  Repairs began to be made of the camp so the miners could return to work - work which needed to be paid for.
ann: Please tell me you've found the ledger.  I just promised the miners their original wages and it sounds really expensive.
gabriella: Sorry, I've been burying the bandits.
ann: You've been burying the bandits?
gabriella: Not by myself, of course.  I recruited some of the villagers to help.  It's nothing pretty or anything, just a hole in the ground, but they don't have anyone else, and they deserve that much at least.  Plus - it'll keep disease out - should have led with that one.
ann: Has anyone ever told you that you're very kind?
gabriella: Hmmm, you?  Every week or so?  Ring a bell?
ann: And I'll keep saying it.
|enter margaret 0.25 0
|moveTo ann 8 0.6 0 1
|moveTo gabriella 8 0.8 0 1
margaret: Hey guys.
ann: Hey, Margaret.  Great work by the way, couldn't have done it without your help in rallying the villagers.
gabriella: Not to mention getting someone to open the gate from the inside.
margaret: I should be thanking you.  This is something we've all wanted, but without a real greater plan, no one did anything.  I've never believed in that saying more: "Evil prevails when good men do nothing".  You guys are a couple of good women and boy did you do something.  
ann: Aww, thanks.
margaret: Speaking of the greater plan, you'll probably be needing... this!
ann: Is that the ledger?
margaret: You tell me - it's got a bunch of important looking words and big numbers on it.
: She hands over the paper
ann: Finally.  Ok, we need to figure out the price they usually sell for, current inventory, and output.  If they have coin on hand, that would be great too.
gabriella: Let's see.  Looks like just under a hundred total people with a total monthly wage of... 140... call it 150 gold.
ann: I agreed to their old wages, so it's more like 200.
gabriella: Here it shows they have enough to cover a month's expenses.  If the guy in charge here was embezzling money, maybe we'll find more.
ann: Never hoped someone was embezzling money before...
gabriella: Ok, here we go with the all-important income section.  Looks like shipments are monthly as well, and their client paid them around 600 gold last month.
ann: Shoot, so a 400 gold profit?
gabriella: You forgot operating costs.  I'm eyeballing it here, but it looks around 200 gold a month.  That leaves us with a 200 gold profit which seems right since it looks like that's how much they sent to Arcadiopolis each month.  That's not bad at all - 200 gold a month is 2400 gold a year - enough for a lavish lifestyle.
margaret: Wow, Lord Blair made that much money from this place?
gabriella: Probably more.  With the other mines, he controlled a good percentage of the ley supply in the Empire which probably gave him leverage for better contracts.  Not to mention economies of scale -
ann: Yeah, it's a lot of money, but we're missing the important part - it's not enough to pay Clarissa's mercenaries.  It's not even close unless we wait half a year.
gabriella: I told you my father would cover it.  With a valuable asset like this and now a proven track record, I know I can convince him to loan 800 gold to us.
ann: I thought it was going to be like the last 20% or something.  Do you know how much 800 gold is?  That's more coin than was probably in circulation in my entire village!  It's more money than I've ever seen in one place.
gabriella: I know exactly how much 800 gold is.  That's why I know my dad will be willing to loan that much to us.
margaret: *whistles* How rich is your father?  Is he single?
margaret: That's a joke.  I'm married.
gabriella: I know it seems crazy, but think about it like this:  If you make a 10-fold revenue on a merchant caravan going to the south, it's only a few journeys before you're rich.  Once my father was wealthy, he became head of the merchant's guild, which let him compound his money without taking as much risk.  Then, he married my mom and became a lord where he could use her lands to generate even more income.  Once you have wealth it's much easier to turn it into more, so yes, he can spare the 800 gold on a venture run by his precious daughter.  
ann: Wow.
gabriella: We should probably ask for a thousand.  If the plan is to send the ley to the guild unannounced, we should probably give a discount.  Plus, there may be unexpected expenses.
ann: Right... I should write a letter to Mary about the situation.  We can send it with the crystals and hope she sends us back the money.
|enter clarissa 0.2 0
|moveTo margaret 8 0.4 0 1
clarissa: Did somebody say money?
gabriella: Clarissa?
ann: Were you here the whole time watching us take the mine?
clarissa: Just keeping an eye on my next payday.  Also doing some recruiting - I figure each one we take from them is one less we have to fight, and bandits running into the woods are easy to convince.
ann: If you came all the way to watch, you could have helped.
clarissa: I could have, but I don't didn't see the profit in it.  But now that you were successful, my getting paid seems a lot more likely.  So, what's the verdict on this mine?  
ann: It's very profitable, but not as profitable as I had hoped.  We can net 200 gold a month and probably less the first month.
clarissa: I quoted you, what, a thousand gold?  I'm willing to take payment month by month but you're still short around hundred gold a month and I do want at least 2 months up front.  I'm feeling generous - call it 650.
gabriella: Like I said before, my father will cover the difference.  If you lend me one of your people for protection, we can ride out to Duvall territory, and we'll have it in a few weeks.  It'll be a loan, so we'll need to retain the right to spoils in Arcadiopolis so we can pay it back.
margaret: Also, I know the wealthier folks around here have paid you for longer term security contracts, if we fold them into this, it should cover some of the costs.  I'll try to convince them.
clarissa: Spoils rights are no issue if you pay my full price, and I'm willing to give a discount depending how many landowners I don't have to keep defending.  Deal.
ann: Hang on, while you and whoever we send to deliver the ley is gone, we'll need to continue to guard the mine in case Taney's bandits come back.
clarissa: Oh, they will.  Don't worry, defending is easier than attacking.  I'd be more than willing to help if you can pay up.
ann: We'll give you a more exact amount we can pay later, but we will need it.
clarissa: I'll make it simple for you - one gold coin per mercenary for the duration of the time Gabriella takes to get the full amount
margaret: That's ludicrously high!  I should become a mercenary...
clarissa: Oh, it's not like they get paid that full amount.  I have to feed and equip them, oh, and don't forget my cut.
ann: I'll take it.
|transition slaverCampInterior
|exit margaret left
|exit clarissa left
|exit gabriella right
|translate ann 0.5 0
: One week later...