|main 14 -1,myra 7 -1,gabriella 0 -1,catelia -7 -1,roxanne -14 -1
|setBackground warroom
roxanne:If you're going to kill me, just do it quickly.
catelia:Fine by me.
gabriella:Wait!  We don't have to kill everyone here!
main:She's right.  Besides, I don't think we can.
myra:What's your name, and what do you do here?
roxanne:...I'm Roxanne.  I run operations for Taney.
myra:How many people work for - ahem - worked for Taney?
roxanne:There are 20 or so mages, maybe an equal amount of staff, and a few mercenaries.
catelia:We can take them.
main:I don't think we have to.  After all, we all seek the same thing, right?
roxanne:What?
myra:Yes, we also seek to stop the end of magic.  However, it appears that Taney's intentions got a little... skewed on the way there.
roxanne:No, she was always dedicated to stopping the end of magic.
gabriella:Then that whole business about getting a title from Duchess Rehnquist was just a happy accident along the way?
roxanne:Title?
catelia:She didn't tell you?
roxanne:Oh my... wait, that explains why she didn't want us to portal in the city.  She just wanted them scared enough so Rehnquist's forces could "liberate" the city and occupy it.
roxanne:So, what are you going to do with us now?
myra:It would be a waste just to see all of you executed by the Duke.  Aren't you all guild-trained?
roxanne:I'm not, but the mages are.
main:With your help, we could get this place back up and running, doing what it was originally doing.
gabriella:Yeah, but this time, the right way.
main:I'm @main@.  How does that sound?
 :@main@ holds out her hand to Roxanne.
 :Roxanne shake it cautiously
roxanne:Fine.
gabriella:Well, you agreed a lot faster than I would have thought.
roxanne:This isn't the first time this has happened.
main:What?
roxanne:Do you think this was always Taney's castle?  She took it from Marquis Blair alongside his lands.  When she did, she gave everyone a choice: "join us or die".  It was a pretty obvious choice.
myra:Quite the pragmatist, aren't you?
roxanne:Got to make a living somehow.  Besides, it worked out well enough last time.  At least, I guess, until now.
catelia:Ugh.  I don't like this, and I don't know about working with this band of...
roxanne:What, criminals?  Please.  We're more organized than that.  We act, well acted, more like an earldom than a band of raiders.
catelia:I find that unlikely.
main:Probably a bit biased there too.
myra:Regardless, we're going to need to get a handle of the immediate situation here.
main:Yeah, we need to stop that skeleton army.
myra:I'm actually curious as to how you did it.
roxanne:It's probably easier if I show you.  This way.
|transition controlRoom
catelia:So that's why these people are here...
roxanne:Yes.  Puppeting so many skeletons would be impossible, but with some portal magic for senses and their complete attention, one person can control a hundred skeletons.
main:Alright, let's get these people out of here.
roxanne:Not so fast!  If you just pull them out, all of the skeletons will just fall apart!  We'll lose so much equipment!
gabriella:Then how can we communicate for them to come back?
roxanne:...You can't.  We gave them their orders to hold the seige for a day before they would rotate in shifts to maintain a force at each city gate.
gabriella:A day?  They must be starving!
roxanne:A small price to pay for the zealots.
myra:Hang on, how much mana does this take?  You mentioned portals are used so they can sense things where the skeletons are?
roxanne:Uhh, quite a bit.  You'd have to ask a mage for an exact number, but it wouldn't have mattered if -
main:Well it does matter now.  Catelia, Gabriella!  Get these people out of here.
gabriella:Now?
catelia:Got it!
|exit gabriella right
|exit catelia left
|move main 1 -14 0 1
|move myra 1 7 0 1
main:Let's get them out of here.
|transition controlRoomEmpty
|move main 1 -7 0 1
|move myra 1 -14 0 1
|enter mage 14 -1
mage:Augh!!!
 :The mage slowly stands up.
mage:What is...  Why would you...  Who are you?
 :The mage gazes with hostility at @main@ and Myra.
roxanne:Hang on there Warren, let's not do anything hasty...
mage:They're a council strike force!  Stop them!
|combat necromancerCombat